Israeli bulldozers have destroyed the
Sheikh Jaan Cemetery in the assaha
neighborhood in eastern Gaza images from
the cemetery Show recently buried bodies
laying among the rubble of tombstones Al
jair's is reports now from the cemetery
we should warn viewers you may find some
of the images to be
disturbing I'm standing in the middle of
the shik Shaban Cemetery in the alsa
neighborhood this Cemetery was bul by
the Israeli occupation forces the dead
have been exhumed and crushed under the
bulldozers of the occupation forces to
give you a clearer picture you can see
uh one of the dead bodies exhumed by the
Israeli occupation forces the body was
crushed by the Israelis heavy machinery
uh it is not the first time that the
occupation forces bulldo cemeteries
destroying Graves and exhuming the dead
bodies and then mutilating them you can
see clearly the traces of the Israeli
occupation forces heavy machinery and
the tracks of their armored vehicles
even the dead are not spared and
respected this is a gross violation of a
basic human value part of the already
dead bodies are clearly visible exhumed
and crushed and mutilated by the Israeli
forces this is part of a scalp of a dead
man
and uh here is another completely
exhumed dead body from a
grave there is no respect for the dead
the Israelis have no respect for human
lives not even in death the cemetry was
totally bulldozed and totally destroyed
on purpose uh here you can see another
dead body of a recently buried uh person
shrouded in white the body was exhumed
on purpose by the Israelis this this is
what remains of some of the shrouds and
some of the Dead the tracks of the
Israeli tanks purposely crushed the dead
bodies that had been exhumed from their
graves this is the foot of a dead child
he was killed in an air strike and
recently buried now exhumed and
mutilated by the
Israelis there is another body of
another child over here out of respect
we will not reveal
anymore we are reported live from the
shik Shaban cemetery and the alsa
neighborhood this was bulldozed and
destroyed by the Israeli armored
vehicles and bulldozers the dead bodies
were exhumed and then mutilated there is
no respect for the dead it is yet
another War crime committed by the
Israelis